Add Fairwinds Tile (#1016)
DataDog/integrations-extras: fairwinds_insights/README.md

# Fairwinds Insights

> ## Overview

Reviewer: This README will also need the other standard H2 headers:

```
## Overview
## Setup
## Support
```

# Fairwinds Insights

## Overview

> This UI App shows the most recent action items in your Kubernetes cluster,
> as discovered by Fairwinds Insights.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fairwinds Insights discovers the most recent action items in your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Fairwinds Insights is software to protect and optimize your mission-critical Kubernetes applications
```
